HOME

Sapphira Spa and Salon

For a relaxing, energizing, and luxurious spa experience that will lift your spirits and 
channel your inner goddess, visit New York City's Sapphira Spa and Salon. 

Our little oasis of happiness is the perfect escape from the hustle-and-bustle of the fast-
paced city lifestyle. Sapphira Spa and Salon is all about "serenity in the city." We have created a 
wonderful, therapeutic healing spa that is warm, inviting, and focused solely on the art of 
relaxation. 

We offer a variety of spa packages to help you unwind. Each one of our specialized 
treatments uses the safest, newest skincare products and revolutionary skincare 
techniques. 
 
Our gracious staff was hired and trained by Sapphira herself, and the staffers are true 
experts in the fields of massage therapy, skincare, nail treatment, and body hair removal. 
When you come in for any beauty treatment at Sapphira, you will be given the star 
treatment and be pampered until you glow with radiance.  

The Sapphira Spa and Salon environment is soothing to the mind and soul. 
Adorned in shades of gold, white, and beige, the spa's decor was inspired by Egyptian, 
Roman, and Turkish baths and meditation rooms. 

Our spa center is truly unique to New York. Retreat from the grinds of daily life and 
immerse yourself in comfort and quality here at Sapphira Spa and Salon. We look forward 
to helping you achieve bliss for your mind, body, and soul.

--

ABOUT US

About Sapphira

"Allow your inner beauty to truly shine through" -- Sapphira

Is there a real Sapphria behind the Sapphira Spa and Salon? Yes. In 2003, native 
New Yorker Sapphira Odessa was seeking a career change. Growing weary from working 
long hours as a pharmaceutical consultant and medical sales representative, she decided 
to tap into her strong interest in the spa and beauty world. The daughter of a chemist and 
a cosmetics saleswoman, Sapphira was already familiar with the enchanting world of 
beauty.

Encouraged by her friends and family, Sapphira quit her job and traveled the world from 
Europe to the Middle East to Australia, learning about new body treatments and asking 
women and men of all ages what they looked for in a luxury spa. Truly listening to 
what people said about body treatments, and taking their words into consideration, 
Sapphira knew that opening a spa was indeed her life's mission. 

Always a people-person and always looking for ways to make others feel good both on 
the inside and the outside, Sapphira wanted to create an ideal spa experience for the 
people she met on her beauty journey around the globe. Along the way, she became a 
licensed esthetician and massage therapist. 

When the opportunity came to invest in a spa on Manhattan's Upper East Side, Sapphira 
decided to follow her dreams and open up a day spa in New York where the everyday 
hard-working woman can relax, unwind, and escape from the pressures of the daily grind 
which Sapphira knew all too well.

Working with a team of positive investors who believed in Sapphira and her mission to 
open a spa, the Sapphira Spa and Salon officially opened its doors in September 
2005. 

Since its inception, clients from all over the world have come in for treatments and leave 
very satisfied. Sapphira is very proud to say that word-of-mouth is the most common way 
her clients find their way to the Sapphira Spa and Salon. No client is treated better 
than another and everyone who comes in, whether it's for just a pedicure or an entire spa 
experience is treated with respect and given the best, most personalized treatment.

Currently, there is just one Sapphira Spa and Salon, located in New York City. 
Encouraged by her clients, Sapphira plans to open other locations in Greenwich, CT and 
Miami, FL within the next two years.

--

STAFF

Sapphira Odessa is well aware of the importance of having a friendly, knowledgeable 
staff at the Sapphira Spa and Salon. Sapphira worked as an executive account 
manager for over ten years in New York and Atlanta. In that time, she learned the 
importance of people skills and strong communication. Before opening her spa, she also 
learned what clients wanted and didn't want, from a whole spa experience.

Sapphira and her staff have an utmost commitment to their client and will work with you 
to best accommodate you when you visit the spa.

Every staff member at Sapphira Spa and Salon is an expert in their respected field 
of beauty. Most of them have been personally recruited by Sapphira to work at the spa. 
It's important for Sapphira that her staffers feel like family and treat each and every client 
like family. Clients who have to work with a different staffer due to schedule 
commitments, have complete trust in Sapphira that any staffer they work with will meet 
their needs.

Sapphira prides herself on hiring the best of the best when it comes to her employees. The 
best compliment she ever received was from a female client who told Sapphira that she 
frequented spas all over the world, but only the staff at Sapphira makes her "feel right at 
home." 

Sapphira and her staff also only use to highest-quality spa and beauty products that are not 
tested on animals and can be used on all types of sensitive skin.

When your birthday rolls around, you'll receive a special gift from our staff as a thank 
you for stopping into the Sapphira Spa and Salon.

--

TREATMENTS

Massage

Deep Tissue Massage (60 minute-$70; 30 minute $40): This intense releases 
stimulates the blood flow all over the body and relieves knotted muscles. Best for 
those with muscle tightness or tension.

Hot Stone Massage (60 minute-$100; 30 minute $55): Uses heated basalt stones to 
soothe and relax the body. The heat from the stones helps tight muscles to release.

Pre-Natal Massage (60 minute-$70; 30 minute $40): A pregnancy massage is the fastest-
growing type of massage in the U.S. This therapeutic and very gentle bodywork focuses 
on the special needs of the mother-to-be as her body goes through the changes of the 
childbirth experience. We have special pregnancy massage tables for mommies-to-be.

Shiatsu Massage (60 minute-$75; 30 minute $50): A massage that releases toxins from 
the body, a Shiatsu massage uses finger tapping and is founded on the Chinese Meriden 
system.

Sport Massage (60 minute-$85; 30 minute $50): A special massage used to alleviate 
the tension that accumulates during physical activity. This massage is beneficial for 
the reduction of muscle tension and for improving circulation. 


Nails

Signature Manicure and Pedicure: ($20 manicure, $28 pedicure; special price $40 for 
both) Our signature treatment begins with a calming foot soak in rosewater with petals.  It 
is then followed by nail shaping of square of oval, cuticle care, a moisturizing hand and 
sole exfoliation, a relaxing hand and foot massage, hot towel wrap, hand and foot lotion 
rub, and application of quick dry.

French Manicure/Pedicure: $25 (both mani and pedi) 

With Signature treatment: ($45 for both)

Basic Manicure: $14

Basic Pedicure: $20


Makeup

1 hour makeup application with lesson by certified makeup artist: $50

30-minute makeup application by certified makeup artist: $25

We sell the popular line Colors by Geena Mineral Makeup in our salon, and this makeup 
is used by our makeup artists

Laser Hair Removal and Electrolysis

Full Body: $50

Half Body (Arms, Chest, Legs): $28

Eyebrow Waxing: $15


Facials

Facial clean, exfoliate, and nourish the skin to promote clear, well-hydrated skin. 

Seaweed Facial (60 minutes) A seaweed wrap plus a cool soothing contour mask is 
applied to the face. Helps skin moisturize, tone, and diffuse redness, thus restoring your 
epidermis to a healthy glow. ($100)

Paraffin Facial (75 minutes): Warm wax works wonders for dehydrated skin. A warm 
paraffin mask is applied after exfoliation and a stimulating acupressure massage, 
resulting in plump, firm, glowing skin. ($125)


Packages

For Men: Facial, Back Massage, Eyebrow waxing   (120 minutes; $120)

For the Teen: Basic Manicure/Pedicure, 10-minute makeup application, 30 minute 
Shiatsu or Sports massage (70 minutes; $75)

For the Bride: Signature Manicure, Pedicure, Seaweed Facial, Stone massage, 1 hour 
makeup application (3 hours; $300)

Couples Massage: Dual massage/Full body plus champagne (120 minutes; $200)


Special Events

Sapphira Spa and Salon is happy to host bachelorette parties, bridal parties, 
birthday parties, you name it. We have hosted pre-Prom parties for high school students 
as well as WCM office parties & wine, cheese, and massage! 

If you would like a private spa party with friends, that can be arranged as well with 
special accommodations made, such as champagne, gift, and floral arrangements. 
Sapphira is happy to arrange your special needs for your special occasion. We have also 
hosted charity events and donated gift baskets to local schools for fashion shows.

We have an onsite makeup artist at Sapphira Spa and Salon who is also happy to 
work with you if you'd like to book a personal make-up beauty party. The occasion is 
entirely up to you!

To arrange a special event at Sapphira Spa and Salon, or to inquire about gift 
certificates, please call our manager, Tracy Faith, at 212-555-1212 or contact her via 
email at tracy@sapphiraspa.com. We look forward to hosting your special day!


Mission

In today's world, beauty and wellness go together good health is the basis for good 
beauty. 

Beauty comes from feeling and being your best. It's your inner confidence that translates 
to the outside world as attractive. It is our belief that beauty comes from within. Here at 
Sapphira Spa and Salon, it's our goal to enhance every woman's natural beauty and 
make her feel her personal best by blending the inner and outer person she is or aspires to 
be. 

We hope you agree and invite you to experience a day of beauty at Sapphira Spa and Salon in New York City. 

Ask anyone what beauty is, and every single person will give a different answer. Beauty 
is what you want it to be. Beauty is how it makes you feel. Beauty makes you smile.  
Beauty is you. 

CONTACT

Contact us to schedule an appointment or to make any inquiries:

Sapphira Spa and Salon
6423 E. 87th St
New York, NY 10555
212.555.5555
info@sapphiraspa.com

Our hours:

Sunday: 10am-4pm
Mon: Closed
Tues: 8am-8pm
Wed: 8am-6pm
Thurs: 8am-8pm
Friday: 10am-8pm
Saturday: 10am-6pm

We are closed on national holidays with exceptions for private parties.

We look forward to seeing you!


FOOTER TEXT

Sapphira Spa and Salon
6423 E. 87th St
New York, NY 10555

212.555.5555
info@sapphiraspa.com
facebook · instagram · pinterest
